Added new kb article access-radtextinput-inner-entry-telerik-maui-numericinput (#1103)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/access-radtextinput-inner-entry-telerik-maui-numericinput.md

---
title: Accessing the NumericInput Inner Entry in .NET MAUI with Telerik UI
description: Learn how to access the RadTextInput inner entry in RadNumericInput when using Telerik MAUI version 8.0.0 or above.
type: how-to
page_title: How to Access RadTextInput Inner Entry in Telerik MAUI NumericInput
slug: access-radtextinput-inner-entry-telerik-maui-numericinput
tags: maui, numericinput, radtextinput, .net9, telerik, inner entry, handler
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

| Version | Product | Author | 
| --- | --- | ---- | 
| 10.0.0 | Telerik UI for .NET MAUI NumericInput | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova) | 

## Description

> In migrating an app from .NET8 to .NET9 and updating the Telerik Version from 7.1.0 to 8.0.0 (or the latest 10.0.0), the `RadMauiEntry` is no longer available, and accessing the entry handler has changed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When migrating an app from .NET8 to .NET9 and updating the Telerik Version from 7.1.0 to 8.0.0 (or the latest 10.0.0), the `RadMauiEntry` is no longer available, and the way to access the entry handler has changed. 
```

This knowledge base article also answers the following questions:
- How can I access the inner entry of a `NumericInput` in Telerik MAUI?
- What replaces `RadMauiEntry` in Telerik MAUI version 8.0.0 and above?
- How do I subscribe to the handler changes of the `RadTextInput` used in `NumericInput`?

## Solution

> To access the inner entry of a `RadNumericInput` when using Telerik MAUI version 8.0.0 or above, you should use the `RadTextInput` control that replaces the `RadMauiEntry`. Follow these steps to access and manipulate the inner entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the inner entry of a `RadNumericInput` when using Telerik MAUI version 8.0.0 or above, use the `RadTextInput` control that replaces the `RadMauiEntry`. Follow these steps to access and manipulate the inner entry:
```
